wip: ai engine concepts (#77)
fetchai/docs: docs/aea/ml-skills.md

```bash
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         FETCHAI                   |           ETHEREUM               |
|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------|
|models:                            |models:                           |              
|  strategy:                        |  strategy:                       |
|     class_name: Strategy          |     class_name: Strategy         |
|    args:                          |    args:                         |
|      price_per_data_batch: 100    |      price_per_data_batch: 100   |
|      batch_size: 2                |      batch_size: 2               |
|      seller_tx_fee: 0             |      seller_tx_fee: 0            |
|      buyer_tx_fee: 10             |      buyer_tx_fee: 10            |
|      dataset_id: 'fmnist'         |      dataset_id: 'fmnist'        |
|      currency_id: 'FET'           |      currency_id: 'ETH'          |
|      ledger_id: 'fetchai'         |      ledger_id: 'ethereum'       |
|      is_ledger_tx: True           |      is_ledger_tx: True          |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------| 
```

> An other way to update the skill config is via the `aea config get/set` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to update the skill config is via the `aea config get/set` command.
```

```bash
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         FETCHAI                   |           ETHEREUM               |
|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------|
|models:                            |models:                           |              
|  strategy:                        |  strategy:                       |
|     class_name: Strategy          |     class_name: Strategy         |
|    args:                          |    args:                         |
|      dataset_id: 'fmnist'         |      dataset_id: 'fmnist'        |
|      max_unit_price: 70           |      max_unit_price: 70          |
|      max_buyer_tx_fee: 20         |      max_buyer_tx_fee: 20        |
|      currency_id: 'FET'           |      currency_id: 'ETH'          |
|      ledger_id: 'fetchai'         |      ledger_id: 'ethereum'       |
|      is_ledger_tx: True           |      is_ledger_tx: True          |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------| 
```

> An other way to update the skill config is via the `aea config get/set` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to update the skill config is via the `aea config get/set` command.
```
